remarks about clocks (#1182)
modelica/fmi-standard: docs/2_2_common_schema.adoc

The FMU exporter is not allowed to set `strict` to `true` if `periodic = false`.

|`intervalCounter`, `shiftCounter`, `resolution`
|The interval of <<output>> or <<input>> <<periodic>> <<clock,`clocks`>> is a rational number defined with unsignedLong valued `intervalCounter` and `resolution` attributes:

`interval = intervalCounter / resolution`.

The initial tick of <<periodic>> <<clock,`clocks`>> may be delayed by an offset.
The offset can be defined by the `unsignedLong` valued `shiftCounter` attribute (default value 0).

This results in the actual

`offset = shiftCounter / resolution`.

> The time `t` of a step `n` of the co-simulation is computed as

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The time `t` of the `n`th activation of a periodic clock is therefore computed as
```
